what's up this is yen deeper Tiger
Direct TV with a special samsung series
i'm here in the studio with matt crocker
from samsung who came by to guess a
little visit and show off the latest
product line that we're carrying right
here at tigerdirect hello welcome hi how
are you I'm doing well thank you so much
for being here with that my pleasure was
fun to bring all the toys in I that's
what I'm so excited about every time
Samson comes into the studio it's
playtime over here absolutely and with
this new line that you're that you have
in the studio I'm blown away I'm
mesmerized you guys need to see this
let's get into this what are we talking
about today this is the samsung series 7
and you can see a couple different
models here the original series 7 which
is right here came out a little bit ago
15 inches okay we know of a big brother
to its 17.3 inch so high-end powerful
really these are designed to be
something that is both powerful and
attractive in its design as well we
didn't want to just build a box so you
can see very clean very neat well and
for you guys that are there behind that
lens and you can't see this physically
you should see the form factor here this
is so sleek if you look to the side of
it super thin but more importantly look
at the brushed aluminum I mean there's a
lot of people around here that went to
art school that are artists designers
creative people and we tend it to lean
towards more modern contemporary classic
lines and this is beautiful but you guys
you really should visit our stores pick
up a model feel it touch it is this does
not do it justice if you're just
watching it I love it I love it
something it really is about doing more
than just building the components in
there anyone can build something that
has ram and hard drive and memory it's
got to be something that looks good and
that reflects your personality as well
so that it's an extension of you I mean
PCs are personal it's something you're
using on a day-in day-out basis for work
for home for whatever it's got to be an
extension of you and that's what we want
to create something that is an amazing
look and amazing and performance as well
let's talk about that performance Louise
what does this have so this is going to
have a intel core i7 processor all right
highest n so this one will be coming out
with the latest and Intel
technology so you're guaranteed to have
the absolute latest and greatest out
there dedicated nvidia graphics card
hello okay so we've got an intel core i7
correct and an nvidia graphics card
correct so it's not intel accelerated
graphics which are also very good to
nvidia and intel in one machine by
samsung with hi-def screen we already
know that their TVs are rock star
quality and now they're bringing it all
into laptops and you you really make a
great point because of the fact we have
those TV divisions because we have so
many divisions where we are we're
borrowing from those now and being able
to take that great TV technology and put
it into something that's mobile so this
screen has 16 million colors in it and
for depth so basically what that means
is instead of standard 256k i know it's
a lot of numbers but more colors means
better color representations means your
photos look more real your videos look
more real maybe your gaming looks more
real whatever it may be you're going to
get better color saturation on there and
then the brightness on the screen to it
just makes everything pop it makes
everything come alive yeah which would
which is why I was going to ask you next
what would this be tailored for but
right off the bat and perfect for video
editing absolutely video editing photo
editing gaming if you want to get into
any of the 3d arts this is really
designed to be able to simply and easily
tackle that but then of course it's
going to be able to do anything that you
want on a day-in day-out basis so become
something that can sit on a desk sit in
an office no matter where it's going to
be able to tackle anything you throw at
it excellent for you guys out there if
you're like me I am all about
eliminating clutter and this would be a
perfect desktop PC replacement and
that's why we love the larger screen on
this because it's giving you that hey I
still got the big screen I still plenty
of real estate to work with it is a full
1080p panel too so you're looking at
great resolution on there plus all the
power and plus yeah you want to get up
from the desk go to the coffee shop
maybe go to the couch unplug you're
ready to go right exactly perfect for
travel perfect for business if you're
that hardcore that card core pc user
awesome so let's uh let's talk about
this one because i know these are kind
of the same family show it's it is it's
not just one flavor 17 inches awesome
but it's a little big for some people
especially
if you want to be more mobile which was
why there's a 15 inch version as well
now the 15 inch is going to have a few
little changes to it same processor so
you're still looking at a powerful i7
processor in a 15 inch 45 min the 15
inch form fact I said incorrect you guys
heard that right I seven in a 15 inch
form factor that's that's very bad it
just makes it work I have something
that's mobile now and still powerful
still a dedicated graphics card okay
still going to have similar technology
to this in the fact that it's a
combination of a regular hard drive plus
a solid state hard drive so solid state
is really fantastic but traditionally
you you have a limitation on space right
so what we were able to do is put a
little solid-state memory in there it
helps with the boot up times it helps
with some of the applications loading
and then you have a full size big boy
hard drive in there as well giving you
plenty of space to work with best of
both worlds awesome and what I'm
thinking is for the SSD Drive i would i
would probably put some of my more
active programming and the things that i
would do on a regular disk drive is
where i would just store it well it's
actually better than that because the
solid state drive does that for you you
don't have to do it automatically it
actually learns what programs you use on
a regular basis and then puts those on
the solid state drive so as you use your
computer it actually gets faster very
nice well that is the series 7 family
from Samsung I'm here with Matt who has
graced us with his awesome presents from
Samsung and beautiful toys stay tuned he
got more coming up with Samsung here at
tigerdirect TV